global allocator should not be set for library, only for executables (#2481)
tursodatabase/turso: extensions/core/README.md

The `turso_ext` crate simplifies the creation and registration of libraries meant to extend the functionality of `Turso`, that can be loaded
like traditional `sqlite3` extensions, but are able to be written in much more ergonomic Rust.

**Attention**

> If you wish to dynamic linking, currently you need to set your global_allocator to `MiMalloc` for non-wasm targets. Or you can clone the repo and change `macros/src/ext/mod.rs` to use your custom allocator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to link with extensions dynamically, you will need to coordinate the allocator with each extension you would like to load at runtime by either using `MiMalloc` (the default) or setting your global allocator of choice in `macros/src/ext/mod.rs`. 
```
